+Uh+ President, +uh+ I, first of all, want to congratulate the Swedish Government for its Presidency of this Council. 
It took office with a very heavy agenda and has been able to achieve a great deal, much of which we welcome. 
I've spoken in this Chamber repeatedly of the need to reinvigorate the Lisbon strategy. 
The European Union has, for too long, pursued political and institutional reform with a degree of energy and determination which it's been simply unable to muster for economic reform. 
Yet our global trading position, relative economic weight and international competitiveness are in jeopardy. 
I therefore welcome the Commission's EU twenty twenty initiative, now endorsed by the European Council, 
and I congratulate particularly mister Barroso for his part in this. 
The future prosperity and well-being of our citizens depends on a dynamic economy able to generate jobs and wealth by unleashing the creative energies of entrepreneurs and by stimulating the growth of successful businesses. 
Part of this economic regeneration will be the greening of our economies, and we all hope an agreement in Copenhagen this week will draw up a realistic framework to tackle climate change whilst facilitating economic growth and development. 
On the adoption of the Stockholm Programme, we support the principle the Member States of the Union must cooperate more to combat problems related to immigration, cross-border crime and terrorism. 
But these are also areas which lie at the heart of national sovereignty. And defending the laws, ensuring security and protecting the public are amongst the most important duties of a democratic state. 
We must therefore balance the need for joint action with respect for the rights of our Member States. 
Parts of the Stockholm Programme simply fail to get the balance right. 
Some of the proposals will simply centralise power, create unnecessary expense and add a fur~ add further bureaucracy for very little added value. 
Our priorities must lie in the direction of fitness to compete, deregulation, innovation and job creation. 
The people, mister President, of Europe deserve nothing less. 
