Mister president, ladies and gentlemen, representatives of the European Commission and those of the Council of~ + uh+ dear colleagues. 
We extend congratulations to ourselves for the fact that we're here, present in this particular house. 
We're representatives of half a billion of people in Europe. It is a great responsibility. 
I wish to say a few words about myself. 
I'm a scientist by profession and my political activities began in nineteen eighty. It was in the trade union Solidarity that I started working, Solidarity fought for the citizens of human rights and for civic rights. 
And the struggle for human rights and those of the citizens have always been my fundamental principles in political activities. 
In the years nineteen ninety seven two thousand one, I worked as prime minister of the Republic of Poland. 
For the period of four years we were negotiating Poland's excession in the European Union. 
Since two thousand and four, I have worked as a member of the European Parliament. 
I worked in new technologies and innovations, and then energy safety, and also climate changes were subject of my interest. I also worked with partnership with the Eastern countries. 
As it has happened, all these fields have been priorities for the upcoming mandate. 
And we have to realise that we're in crisis now, Europeans are expecting a resolution of this problem and we also have to remember that we should improve the work of the European Parliament, his~ as already started actually, thanks to activities in the recent years. 
But we can only manage well if we adopt and accept the Treaty of Lisbon. 
This will help us, it will make us work better, it will make it possible for us to work better on the international arena, where we have our obligations. 
+Eh+ Eastern partnership, the Mediterranean +eh+ Basin, strategic alliance with the United States and emerging political powers, these are great challenges for us. 
That is why the Lisbon Treaty offers us an exceptional instrument in ours hands for us to manage. 
Bringing my remarks to a close, I'd like to say that the most important element of our work should be managing our crisis. 
It is the crisis of the lack of trust to the citizens. 
Let us not be afraid to use these words. Let us not be afraid to understand each other. 
Citizens, very often, do not undestand us. 
Let us do everything we can for us to understand each other. 
Because we are going to be coming to Stratsburg and Brussels every week and at the end of the week, we go to our member states and we undestand our citizens because we know what they want from us. If we undestand our citizens, it will be easier for us to do our work properly. 
Thank you for your attention. 
