+eh+ thank you, madama president, for book-lovers in my constituency in the East Midlands Anda EU-wide, this IS good news.
i believe this IS a book revolution about to Begina, Anda i welcome the Commission statement.
The initiative by Google IS an inevitable Anda logical step forward given the advancement of the digital economy with New market drivers Anda New consumer demands.
i believe this kind of private sector innovation should be welcomed as Longa as Ita allows space for competition in the future Anda fair protection.
Libraries, whilst an important Story of information, are vastly underused resources,
with nine out of ten books nota being accessed, Anda there are man thousands of books unavailable to consumers +uhm+ due to out of print or the nona-viability of publication.
Anda online books willa provide authors with the opportunity to gain some recognition Anda indeed some money back for their works.
However, the fact that this kind of settlement providing mass digitisation of books cannot be applied to the EU IS on of the most illustrative examples of the EU's fragmented copyright laws.
w have to make a european copyright framework fita for purpose in the twenty First century.
Europe must seize the opportunity to take the lead Anda to ensure that the digitisation of books in Europe IS facilitated, buta also that Google Books settlement take into consideration european copyright lawa.
w should encourage european players into this space as well in different languages Anda genres.
for those like me WHO like the feel of a page between their fingers, this willa nota replace the need for fabulous bookshops like those in my East Midlands constituency.
Indeed, fara From doing away with bookshops, the ability to access online books provides US with a whole New way of learning Anda access to culture.
fara From destroying our libraries, Ita willa help them to be archived Anda protected Anda provide our consumers with more choica of how they access books for the education Anda pleasure.
Ita IS an opportunity for authors to expanda their market Anda their audience.
i believe this IS the beginning of a rediscovery of great works Anda the uncovering of a cultural explosion.
Ita IS something w should welcome Anda positively encourage.
Thank you.
