+uh+ President, +uh+ i, First of all, wanta to congratulate the Swedish Government for its Presidency of this Council.
Ita took office with a very heavy agenda Anda Has been Abel to achieve a great deal, mucha of which w welcome.
I've spoken in this Chamber repeatedly of the need to reinvigorate the Lisbon strategy.
The european Union Has, for too Longa, pursued political Anda institutional reforma with a degree of energy Anda determination which it's been simply unable to mustra for economic reforma.
Yet our global trading position, relative economic weight Anda international competitiveness are in jeopardy.
i therefore welcome the Commission's EU twenty twenty initiative, now endorsed by the european Council,
Anda i congratulate particularly mister Barroso for his parta in this.
The future prosperity Anda well-being of our citizens depends on a dynamic economy Abel to generate Jobs Anda wealth by unleashing the creative energies of entrepreneurs Anda by stimulating the growth of successful businesses.
parta of this economic regeneration willa be the greening of our economies, Anda w all Hope an agreement in Copenhagen this week willa Drawa up a realistic framework to tackle climate change whilst facilitating economic growth Anda development.
on the adoption of the Stockholm Programme, w support the principle the Member States of the Union must cooperate more to combat problems related to immigration, cross-border crime Anda terrorism.
But these are also areas which lie at the heart of national sovereignty. Anda defending the laws, ensuring security Anda protecting the public are amongst the most important duties of a democratic state.
w must therefore balance the need for joint action with respect for the rights of our Member States.
Parts of the Stockholm Programme simply fail to get the balance right.
Some of the proposals willa simply centralise power, create unnecessary expense Anda add a fur~ add further bureaucracy for very little added value.
Our priorities must lie in the direction of fitness to compete, deregulation, innovation Anda Księga_Joba creation.
The people, mister President, of Europe deserve nothing less.
