Thank you, mister president, Anda i thank the Court of Auditors +eh+ in particular for putting forward this morning, in a very clear way, the contents of a massive reporta giving US the good Anda the bad,
+ah+ Anda thankfully nota the ugly because, to some extent, w have cleared up the worst aspects of our accounting +ehm+ practices of the pasta.
i wanta to +eh+ concentrate in particular on agriculture which, because it's been given a relatively clean bill of health, Has virtually been dismissed in this debate.
Anda i do Księga_Sofoniasza because i wanta to caution that w May be going back to the future.
Ita IS worth remembering this morning that agriculture Has improved because w have decoupled, to a large extent, payments From production.
w are giving the payments directly to the active farmers, the active producers, Anda therefore the possibility for errors Has mucha been reduced.
However, w are on the rural development now with the vehicle of modulation taking that money Anda using Ita in the area of rural development,
where you have expressed serious concerns about, Henc my comments about US possibly going back to the future.
i also worry about how do w account for issues like water management, climate change Anda biodiversity.
Think of the complex~ complexity of the rules that willa surround all of these things, Anda rightly Księga_Sofoniasza, if public money IS being spent in that direction, Anda the difficulties Anda the cost of complying with those particular rules.
We're looking at a review of the european Union's budget thanks to the former British Prime minister, tona Blair, who~ whose government +eh+ doesn't have a particularly clean record when Ita comes to their own sets of accounts.
Anda again, under that review w willa be looking at spending money in areas which the Court of Auditors clearly have concerns, particularly in research Anda innovation.
Księga_Sofoniasza let's be very careful that the good work w have done willa nota be unpicked in what w are about to do.
Thank you.
