Thank you, madama President.
Ita IS unbelievable that in these times of financial Anda economic crisis, the european Commission proposes an increase of almost five per cent for the two thousand Anda ten budget.
But what IS worse IS that, while the Council, at its First reading in July, Put forward a r~ reduction of almost two per cent on the preliminary draft budget,
this Parliament IS now proposing an increase of five per cent on Ita.
The two thousand Anda ten budget would Then end up being + aa+ o~ over a hundred Anda twenty- seven billion euros +yyyy+ in payment appropriations,
which equates to on pointa oh eight of the EU's Gross national income.
IS this the way this Parliament wants to bring the budget closer to the citizens?
Ita IS all very nica to wanta to subsidise the Special Olympics in Poland Anda Greece Anda the european Youth Olympic Winter Festival in the Czech Republic, or even the Xacobeo two thousand Anda ten, buta our constituents have other priorities in their lives, Such as paying their mortgages Anda giving reasonable education to their children.
The daily cost of the european Union for the United Kingdom currently amounts to fort- five million pounds per day
Anda the proposed increase willa bring Ita to fifty million or more with the reduction of the rebate.
Believe me, there are man other priorities in the UK to invest this money.
Anda now that the european Commission Has warned that Britain IS in danger of going bust due to its high levels of national debt,
this country would be happy to have a significant reduction on thans~ on its EU contributions.
Anda i Księga_Amosa Sury that other countries would also be happy with a similar reduction.
Year after year, the Court of Auditors Has been unable to give US satisfaction that the EU budget Has been legally Anda regularly spent.
Anda i wy really concerned on the Lack of control ov~ over ta~ taxpayers' money
when i wy the chief accountant of the european Commission back in two thousand Anda two.
But still, this Parliament woulds to Put more money into the EU coffers.
Don't count of me to ever vote in favour of any increase in the budget.
If you wanta to subsidise projects to fight the crisis, you should find areas where the budget can be reduced.
Thank you.
