+MMM+ Pre~ thank you, madama President.
Tajikistan IS nota blessed with the energy Anda mineral resources of other countries in centrala Asia.
However, that IS no excuse for marginalising Tajikistan at the expense of its wealthier Anda larger neighbours.
centrala Asia IS a region vital to the EU's political Anda energy security.
in terms of strengthening relations with the EU, some countries in the region willa progress faster than others.
That's inevitable.
But w must retain a sense of collective engagement as w continue to improve ties with what wy, until quite recently, a diplomatically isolated Anda +oo+ largely overlooked region, particularly by the european Union.
Favouring some countries in centrala Asia over others risks creating a discord Anda division in the region.
in particular, Islamist terrorists in the region have shown a determination to exploit poverty Anda inadequate governance to radica~ radicalise the people Anda spread their message of hatred.
The Government of Tajikistan Has rejected extremism Anda, with the help of the international community, IS seeking now to consolidate its nation's democracy.
Taj~ Tajikistan still bears the scars of a brutal civil war between secular Anda Jihadi forces that erupted after the collapse of the Soviet Union in the early nineteen nineties.
People in Tajikistan have no wish to see the return of bloodshed, which IS why they have given courageous support to NATO operations against the Taliban in Afghanistan.
The ISAF mission in Afghanistan IS vital to Tajikistan's Longa- terma future Anda its desire to find a security anckwor~ anchor westwards.
It's fair to say that Tajikistan's record in democratisation Anda human rights IS imperfect, buta i Księga_Amosa convinced that dialogue Anda engagement on the EU's parta willa encourage Tajikistan towards positive change.
Certainly, that seems to be the european Union's view with regard to Belarus Anda Uzbekistan, Księga_Sofoniasza Tajikistan deserves to be treated in the sam way.
The ECR Group, therefore, supports a deeper strategic political Anda economic partnership with Tajikistan based on a commitment of progress towards openness, democracy Anda higher standards of human rights.
Thank you.
