Thank you, mister President. +eeemm+ The measures under discussion are parta of the existing Księga_Sofoniasza- called area of justice, freedom Anda security, of which immigration IS a parta. +ee+
This IS a~ about common, a common immigration Anda asylum polica
Anda, however mucha the British Government May lie to the British people, w know that they intend that Britain should eventually be bound by Ita.
But a on- size- fits- all immigration polica willa won~ nota work for Britain.
Britain IS on of the most densely populated countries in the world, more densely po~ populated, surprisingly, +aa+ than India, china Anda Japan.
net immigration to Britain IS now running at about two hundred Anda thirty thousand people per annum, adding over a million New people to the population every five years.
The population willa rise From its current sixty-
on pointa four million, an all- time high, to about seventy million plus in two thousand Anda thirty- on, Anda Then spirala ever ep~ upwards.
All this growth IS due to immigration Anda births to immigrants.
The UK Independence parta IS nota opposed to some immigration, buta this should be strictly controlled Anda for the benefit of Britain Anda nota the european Union or anybody else.
Britain doesn't need a common european immigration polica.
What w need to do IS the end mass immigration now,
introduce a strictly limited Anda controlled immigration polica.
w should apply the terms of the nineteen fifty- on Convention on Refugees,
which requires them to seek sanctuary in the First s~ designated safe country they come to, which IS nota a little island off the coast of Britain ca~ of the coast of Europe called Britain.
w should end the promotion of multiculturalism, which IS divisive Anda a recipe for conflict, Anda assimilate Anda integrate existing migrants into a common culture with respect for a common seta of political Anda legal institutions.
There should be no plac in Britain, Anda, i suggest, anywhere in Europe, for Sharia lawa.
Thank you.
