mister president, ladies Anda gentlemen, representatives of the european Commission Anda those of the Council of~ + uh+ dear colleagues.
w extend congratulations to ourselves for the fact that we're here, present in this particular house.
We're representatives of halfa a billion of people in Europe. Ita IS a great responsibility.
i wish to say a few words about myself.
I'm a scientist by profession Anda my political activities began in nineteen eighty. Ita wy in the trade union Solidarity that i started working, Solidarity fought for the citizens of human rights Anda for civic rights.
Anda the struggle for human rights Anda those of the citizens have always been my fundamental principles in political activities.
in the years nineteen ninety seven two thousand on, i worked as prime minister of the Republic of Poland.
for the period of four years w were negotiating Poland's excession in the european Union.
Sinka two thousand Anda four, i have worked as a member of the european Parliament.
i worked in New technologies Anda innovations, Anda Then energy safety, Anda also climate changes were subject of my interest. i also worked with partnership with the Eastern countries.
as Ita Has happened, all these fields have been priorities for the upcoming mandate.
Anda w have to realise that we're in crisis now, Europeans are expecting a resolution of this problem Anda w also have to remember that w should improve the work of the european Parliament, his~ as already started actually, thanks to activities in the recent years.
But w can only manage well if w adopt Anda accept the Treaty of Lisbon.
This willa help US, Ita willa make US work better, Ita willa make Ita possible for US to work better on the international arena, where w have our obligations.
+eh+ Eastern partnership, the Mediterranean +eh+ Basin, strategic alliance with the United States Anda emerging political powers, these are great challenges for US.
That IS why the Lisbon Treaty offers US an exceptional instrument in ours hands for US to manage.
Bringing my remarks to a close, I'd like to say that the most important element of our work should be managing our crisis.
Ita IS the crisis of the Lack of trust to the citizens.
Let US nota be afraid to use these words. Let US nota be afraid to understand each other.
Citizens, very often, do nota undestand US.
Let US do everything w can for US to understand each other.
Because w are going to be coming to Stratsburg Anda Brussels every week Anda at the end of the week, w on to our member states Anda w undestand our citizens because w know what they wanta From US. If w undestand our citizens, Ita willa be easier for US to do our work properly.
Thank you for your attention.
